Hedging EA for Metatrader 4


Places multiple trades with increasing lot size on either side of an inside bar on a trending currency pair. 

Tested on H4 time frame, trend detection is currently defined as a 20 period daily RSI being > 55 or < 45

Will attempt to close all orders after reaching a modest profit only, and hedge losses.


Currently working with settings as they are (some are hard coded at the moment), barring any black swan events. 


Hedged trades can be open for months in a quiet market. 


Profits can be quick in an active one. Profit increased 14% in one month of 2020 but took 7 months to reach 6% before that.


The key to this system is keeping risk low by using conservative settings.


Even so, would probably would never use this live due to the risk of a black swan event. 


--


Note - 2021-01-10


The revised more agressive settings caused the account to have a series of margin calls. Account balance dropped to $13000.


Shortly after the computer the systems were running on malfunctioned and it was some weeks before we could get it running again. 

Unfortunately the broker had reset all the demo accounts at that time, so the final results and balance of this system are unknown.

System has been restarted again with less agressive settings and will continue to post screenshots from time to time. 


--

Update - 2022-02-10

HedgeBot running with a fresh Demo account stuck with open USDJPY orders for some months as this currency pair is stuck in a range. 


--

Update - 2022-03-21

Hedgebot finally closed the USDJPY trades after some months. This is the longest it's ever held trades open. 

Drawdown got a little extreme but it pulled through in the end. 

Still very risky but shows it's settings are OK-ish.

--

Update 2022-05-06

Forex market has been trending on some pairs lately and Hedgebot has been doing well.

--

Update 2022-06

The month of May saw some big trends in the Forex market and the bot captured tremendous gains (but it currently in a little bit of drawndown).

